Right?
OK
When I woke up, the girl went to the river in winter
Stuck in love
What are you talking about, old man?
I'm just looking for someone
I don't understand.
I also came at your age
Ask what love is in the world
Direct education of life and death
This underworld
Not if you want to go
If you want to come back, you can come back
The old man sees that you are talented and smart
Your husband is destined
Study medicine with me
What are you talking about, sir?
The person I'm looking for isn't dead yet
I can't find him.
Then why did you throw yourself into the river for treatment?
I'm sorry, I'm too tired.
Accidentally fell
Thank you for your kindness, sir
Cold attack
Right and evil
No kidding
In the future, you will do things, don't go to the horns
Not for one tree
Crooked neck tree
Lost a forest?
You got sicker after you went out
Leave the root of the disease
A lifetime's work.
No way.
I'm looking for someone who was born to eat fish and was seriously injured
I couldn't leave him alone.
Here I have the final say, listen to me
The little girl of the Chu family pays a visit to Doctor Ping
I implore Doctor Ping to help
Rescue this person